README.md, before:

# piet-hardware

A set of implementations of [`piet`], Rust's 2D vector graphics library, using GPU primitives. The goal is to provide fast and high quality graphics rendering using a familiar API.

The [`piet-hardware`] crate is the centerpiece of this project. It translates the [`piet`] API calls down to rendering textured triangles. In turn, it sends these rendering calls to a structure implementing the `GpuContext` interface. This trait represents the lower level hardware calls.

In addition to [`piet-hardware`], this project also contains some crates that implement the [`piet`] API using [`piet-hardware`]. These are:

- [`piet-glow`], an implementation of [`piet`] using the [`glow`] crate for OpenGL and WebGL calls.
- [`piet-wgpu`], an implementation of [`piet`] using the [`wgpu`] crate.

There are no official implementations planned for Vulkan, Metal or Direct3D, since [`wgpu`] can be implemented over all of these APIs, therefore [`piet-wgpu`] can be used for all of them. Please open an issue if you think an important graphics API is missing!

[`piet`]: https://crates.io/crates/piet
[`piet-hardware`]: ./crates/piet-hardware/README.md
[`piet-glow`]: ./crates/piet-glow/README.md
[`piet-wgpu`]: ./crates/piet-wgpu/README.md
[`glow`]: https://crates.io/crates/glow
[`wgpu`]: https://crates.io/crates/wgpu

## License

`piet-hardware` is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of
either:

* GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either
version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
* Mozilla Public License as published by the Mozilla Foundation, version 2.

`piet-hardware` is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU Lesser General Public License or the Mozilla Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License and the Mozilla
Public License along with `piet-hardware`. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/> or
<https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0/>.

Commit message:

Make this crate standalone and port to sr.ht
Signed-off-by: John Nunley <dev@notgull.net>

README.md, after:

# piet-hardware

`piet-hardware` is a strategy for implementing the [`piet`] drawing interface using GPU primitives. The goal is to break down the drawing operations to rendering textured triangles. The resulting buffers are than passed to the GPU backend for rendering.

As `piet-hardware` simply implements the high-level strategy, it has no unsafe code. The actual GPU calls are forwarded to an object that implements `GpuContext`. This object is intended to be an interface to OpenGL, Vulkan, Metal, or other GPU APIs.

[`piet`]: https://crates.io/crates/piet

## License

`piet-hardware` is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of
either:

* GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either
version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
* Mozilla Public License as published by the Mozilla Foundation, version 2.

`piet-hardware` is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU Lesser General Public License or the Mozilla Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License and the Mozilla
Public License along with `piet-hardware`. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/> or
<https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0/>.
